---
title: Privacy Policy
date: "2020-08-01T00:00:00+01:00"
draft: false
share: false
commentable: false
editable: false

# Optional header image (relative to `static/img/` folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
---
 <h2>Privacy Policy</h2> <p>Personal data (usually referred to just as "data" below) will only be processed by us to the extent necessary and for the purpose of providing a functional and user-friendly website, including its contents, and the services offered there.</p> <p>Per Art. 4 No. 1 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, i.e. the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as the "GDPR"), "processing" refers to any operation or set of operations such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination, or otherwise making available, alignment, or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction performed on personal data, whether by automated means or not.</p> <p>The following privacy policy is intended to inform you in particular about the type, scope, purpose, duration, and legal basis for the processing of such data either under our own control or in conjunction with others. We also inform you below about the third-party components we use to optimize our website and improve the user experience which may result in said third parties also processing data they collect and control.</p>
 <p>Our privacy policy is structured as follows:</p> <p>I. Information about us as controllers of your data<br>
 II. The rights of users and data subjects<br>III. Information about the data processing</p> <h3>I. Information about us as controllers of your data</h3>
 <p>The party responsible for this website (the "controller") for purposes of data protection law is:</p> <p><span style="color: #000000;">Fabian Eidens</span><br>
 <span style="color: #000000;">32756 Detmold</span><br>
 <span style="color: #000000;">Germany</span></p> <p>
 <span style="color: #000000;">Email: 08_fahrrad.ableger@icloud.com</span></p>

 <p>The controller's data protection officer is the person above.</p> <p>
 <h3>II. The rights of users and data subjects</h3> <p>With regard to the data processing to be described in more detail below, users and data subjects have the right</p> <ul type="disc"> <li>to confirmation of whether data concerning them is being processed, information about the data being processed, further information about the nature of the data processing, and copies of the data (cf. also Art. 15 GDPR);</li> <li>to correct or complete incorrect or incomplete data (cf. also Art. 16 GDPR);</li> <li>to the immediate deletion of data concerning them (cf. also Art. 17 DSGVO), or, alternatively, if further processing is necessary as stipulated in Art. 17 Para. 3 GDPR, to restrict said processing per Art. 18 GDPR;</li> <li>to receive copies of the data concerning them and/or provided by them and to have the same transmitted to other providers/controllers (cf. also Art. 20 GDPR);</li> <li>to file complaints with the supervisory authority if they believe that data concerning them is being processed by the controller in breach of data protection provisions (see also Art. 77 GDPR).</li> </ul> <p>In addition, the controller is obliged to inform all recipients to whom it discloses data of any such corrections, deletions, or restrictions placed on processing the same per Art. 16, 17 Para. 1, 18 GDPR. However, this obligation does not apply if such notification is impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. Nevertheless, users have a right to information about these recipients.</p> <p><strong>Likewise, under Art. 21 GDPR, users and data subjects have the right to object to the controller's future processing of their data pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. In particular, an objection to data processing for the purpose of direct advertising is permissible.</strong></p> <h3>III. Information about the data processing</h3> <p>Your data processed when using our website will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose for its storage ceases to apply, provided the deletion of the same is not in breach of any statutory storage obligations or unless otherwise stipulated below.</p>  
 <h4>Host and browser data</h4> The website is hosted on GitHub Pages. Their privacy policy is available <a href="https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies">here</a>.
 When you access a web page, your browser transmits data from your retrieving device to the web server, e.g. the IP address to which the web page should be sent back.
 <h4>Cookies</h4> <h5>a) Session cookies</h5> <p>We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files or other storage technologies stored on your computer by your browser. These cookies process certain specific information about you, such as your browser, location data, or IP address. &nbsp;</p> <p>This processing makes our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure, allowing us, for example, to display our website in different languages or to offer a shopping cart function.</p> <p>The legal basis for such processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR, insofar as these cookies are used to collect data to initiate or process contractual relationships.</p> <p>If the processing does not serve to initiate or process a contract, our legitimate interest lies in improving the functionality of our website. The legal basis is then Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.</p> <p>When you close your browser, these session cookies are deleted.</p> <h5>b) Third-party cookies</h5> <p>If necessary, our website may also use cookies from companies with whom we cooperate for the purpose of advertising, analyzing, or improving the features of our website.</p> <p>Please refer to the following information for details, in particular for the legal basis and purpose of such third-party collection and processing of data collected through cookies.</p> <h5>c) Disabling cookies</h5> <p>You can refuse the use of cookies by changing the settings on your browser. Likewise, you can use the browser to delete cookies that have already been stored. However, the steps and measures required vary, depending on the browser you use. If you have any questions, please use the help function or consult the documentation for your browser or contact its maker for support. Browser settings cannot prevent so-called flash cookies from being set. Instead, you will need to change the setting of your Flash player. The steps and measures required for this also depend on the Flash player you are using. If you have any questions, please use the help function or consult the documentation for your Flash player or contact its maker for support.</p> <p>If you prevent or restrict the installation of cookies, not all of the functions on our site may be fully usable.</p>  <h4>Social media links via graphics</h4> <p>We also integrate the following social media sites into our website. The integration takes place via a linked graphic of the respective site. The use of these graphics stored on our own servers prevents the automatic connection to the servers of these networks for their display. Only by clicking on the corresponding graphic will you be forwarded to the service of the respective social network.</p> <p>Once you click, that network may record information about you and your visit to our site. It cannot be ruled out that such data will be processed in the United States.</p> <p>Initially, this data includes such things as your IP address, the date and time of your visit, and the page visited. If you are logged into your user account on that network, however, the network operator might assign the information collected about your visit to our site to your personal account. If you interact by clicking Like, Share, etc., this information can be stored your personal user account and possibly posted on the respective network. To prevent this, you need to log out of your social media account before clicking on the graphic. The various social media networks also offer settings that you can configure accordingly.</p> <p>The following social networks are integrated into our site by linked graphics:</p>  <h4>twitter</h4> <p>Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA</p> <p>Privacy Policy: <a href="https://twitter.com/privacy" target="_blank" rel="noopener">https://twitter.com/privacy</a></p>  <p>
This privacy policy is created based on: 
 <a href="https://www.ratgeberrecht.eu/leistungen/muster-datenschutzerklaerung.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Model Data Protection Statement</a> for <a href="https://www.ratgeberrecht.eu/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Anwaltskanzlei Weiß &amp; Partner</a></p>
